Zhuangzi is fishing by the river. The king heard that Zhuangzi was a very talented hermit and wanted him to go out and help him manage the country. So he sent two messengers to look for him with precious gifts. The messenger searched for a few days along the river and finally found him at the turn of the river.
Zhuangzi sat by the river, wearing a straw hat on his head and staring at the river. The two messengers did not dare to disturb Zhuangzi. They had to go gently and said to Zhuangzi: "Our king have heard your name. He want to ask you to be a prime minister and help him to handle the state affairs."
Zhuangzi was surprised to hear this, he was just a fisherman, and was barely literate! Nevertheless, he was honored that the king chose him, and decided to follow the messengers back to the city. Before he left, he needed to say his goodbyes; he went to say goodbye to his son Jimmy in the hospital, who had been seriously injured by a cow, and then went over to say goodbye to his other son Bob, who  was being held at the local county jail after trying to eat chairs from a restaurant. 
After these wild events transpired, Zhuangzi went to see the king. The king, being a lover of fish, demanded the best fish be prepared for himself and his fisherman guest. The two feasted all night and had a wonderful time. The next morning, they rose with full bellies.
It was time to get to work. The king was ruler of many people, which came with many problems for him and Zhuangzi to work out. They set to work and managed to settle many disputes and make the citizens very happy. At the end of the day the king asked Zhuangzi, "What do you think of your new position?"
Although Zhuangzi liked his new position as a prime minister of a great kingdom, he still want to go back to his hometown and be a fisher. However, the king don't want to lose his talented new prime minister and porced Zhuangzi to stay. Zhuangzi is so mad that he suddenly gained some magic power and turned the king into a fish.  
